Topic:

We propose to make tools that make it easier for educators to explain concepts in science (physics), maths (graphs) and I.T (computer networks). This tool will consist of simulations and demonstrations of how a particular concept works. Customisation features will be implemented into these tools based on the concept that is displayed so that it can be utilised to its fullest potential. These customisation features will allow the user to change the properties of object within the simulation in real-time. This tool will provide an interactive method of learning to broaden the way classes are taught and give a variety of ways to learn and understand.

The tool that we create be iterated and improved upon for much more complex or larger concepts. This may also be a crucial resource for students to help them understand concepts better or improve upon their knowledge of a concept by having the ability to be interactive with the simulations. Additionally, schools, other education institutes and even students can save their money by investing in this tool. Rather than spending on additional material or online resources that provide a mediocre experience, this tool can be used by many which would exist longer than physical materials which may be expensive, fragile and/or difficult to obtain.





Motivation:
What motivates us is that this project will allow students, or any curious person interested in STEM so see how technology can be used to visualized how physics, math or I.T works. This tool will allow them to see  simulations and demonstrations of how a particular concept works, teaching them the fundamentals of the subject in hopes of gaining new information. 
With education become more online and open to the world, many people would had search up any information regarding their field, therefore with this project being made will allow more people to utilize information given to them and help them understand how it works rather than looking the information online and reading slabs of text. 
From this project, any future employer or partners will see that ‘iloveclass’ is dedicated to helping people understand math, physics and IT related field,  presenting us as group who’s willing to help teach future generation in understanding difficult concept in STEM.









Landscape:
While researching for similar systems and product which could be seen as competitors on the market, we came across PhET (https://phet.colorado.edu/). PhET is a web based product that simulates real life math and science problems, through game-like simulation. PhET provides a wide range of education simulations such as Maths, Physics, Biology, Chemistry. A more detailed list can be found on their website. 
The points of difference our project will have when compared to PhET, is that will have IT based simulations. These IT simulations can range from Programming to Networking and even Database concepts, we will also work on providing a wider range of difficulty of simulations which could be explained within our project, firstly starting off with the basics we can then move on to more complicated simulations. We also want to reach a broader audience for our project through visuality and interactions, allowing for more students to learn these concepts. We believe that our project will improve in these areas, whereas our competitors may lack.









Aims:

The aim of our project is to create a prototype app in Unreal Engine 4 (UE4). Potential users of this tool will be able to visualise the idea we are trying to push forward by creating a working prototype. They will also have the opportunity to test the prototype and suggest improvements or provide constructive criticism. To progress through to the prototype there are two goals/milestones that we plan to achieve. These include research and designs. We aim to create a couple of designs from a variety of videos researched. However, a finished prototype is outside the scope of the project.

One of the goals is to collect as many ideas as possible through videos. The videos could inspire what type simulations we can implement in the prototype and what the simulation could look like, however, they would serve as a base for the designs and the . It would serve as inspiration for the design of the prototype and it would be a large influence on the objects that will be used in each simulation.

Another goal is to come up with designs for the prototype. The designs will influence the construction of each simulation that we create. Designs are necessary for the prototype because it will determine the amount of attractiveness and interactivity the tool will contain which have the possibility and opportunity to get people to use it and get users to keep using it.










Plans and progress:
Week 1
During the first part of the project we have planned to sort the order on which the project will undergo to completion. Our project idea is to create a tool what will assist student is grasping the concept of a certain subject through visualisation. The project will include tools for 3 subjects; Maths, Science and IT. For each subject, there will be a sort of simulation and demonstrations to help the students visualise what how something works. For example for the maths part of the tool we will help the students in producing a graph for equations or tables so that students are able to see the information visually as understand the data more appropriately rather than if it was just written in a table to laid out on a piece of paper. For the science part of the tool we will be simulation science in the aspect of physics like how objects can be affected by the laws of physics. This would allow the students to visualise something that is not usually seen by the naked eye. In terms of IT, the tool will be used to help students in visualising computer networks. This tool will be able to be customised in order to also help the educator in selecting the what is needed to be learnt providing an interactive method of teaching to the students while broadening the class’s teaching variety to help students understand. We discussed that the tool will be created so that it can be iterated and improved upon as if it is used for higher level simulations and demonstration it will be needed to solve and produce a much more complex and larger concept. With producing a higher-level demonstration and simulation, it will be able to be used to create a better understanding of the problem as more intricate information can be included into the visualisation. We believe that having all these small details can be important for the tool as it can become a crucial resource for the  students to understand concepts better or to help the in improving their knowledge of the concept, as the interactive simulations will be easier to grasp than a depiction of the concept in a book.
Within the first week of the project, we will need to figure out what is needed for the tool to be developed. We first needed a person to find all the required programs and information that will be needed to create a prototype of the tool. After some research it was finalised that we were going to use unreal engine to create our program in. This is because it was one of the more familiarised method that the developer of our group knew of to create the tool. The tool was planned to be complete it within the timeframe of 16 weeks. For the first week of this project, we will have the team gather information about the competitors in this area to see if there are anything that needs to be changed in order to create a tool that is of a higher demand. One of our team members has also created a Gantt chart to organise when everything needed to be done by in order to get the application working by the end of the 16 weeks. An SRS (software requirement specification) was also looked at to assist in creating a detailed report of what was needed to create the software so that we don’t leave anything out that needed to be included out. The ideas for the software was also thought of by another member of the group. He wrote the aim of what the tool is going to be used for as well as what we were looking to get out of the tool. He also worked on getting ideas together to create the prototype for the tool. Within the first week he had come up with the basic ideas of the prototype as well as writing a report for what tool is going to be like and what it will be able to do. Another member of the group looked at the tools and technology what will be used to create this project, and how it can be used in in the tool.



Week 2
For the second week of the project we will have gotten together to discuss if there were any additional requirements needed to create the prototype. During the second week of the project, the team worked on the prototype of the tool, finalised the report for the tool, writing the motivation for the tool, designing the basic interface for the tool and looking at the risks of this tool. For the prototype of the tool, a team member started on getting the basic design on the tool together from the basic interface that was designed. During the first stages of getting the prototype to run, a group member used unreal engine to link all the pages for each subject’s simulation so that the user can interact and navigate through the application. A report for the tool was also written, the report was to write up what the tool will be able to do and its basic information such as the target audience that will be using the tool. We’ve also had a look at the risks that the tool could’ve faced such as data lost whilst the creation of the tool or threats that could affect the development of our tool.

Week 3
For the third week of the project, we finalised our prototype as well as the basic design that was going to be used for it. During the third week we also wrote it the plan and progress for the team for the further development of the tool as well as compiling all the information that has been acquired by the team in previous weeks. To finalise the prototype the member who is developing the tool implemented the finalised basic UI that was designed into the different pages that are going to be displayed to the user. The plan and progress that was written by a member of the team was to describe what had been completed and what would be needed to be completed in the following weeks until the 16 weeks where the toll will need to be fully completed, all the information that had been collected was also compiled into a report where the progress of the project could be viewed all at once.

Week 4
In the fourth week of the Project, we plan to research all the constraints that could limit the development of the tool such as copyright or a certain aspect. As this could also be considered as a threat to the development of the tool because the tool that is being created will need to be original and not a copy of what is already available on the market now. Intricate details for the tool is also needed so that the group knows exactly what was going into the tool and the ins and outs of it. This would also help in avoiding copyright of the tool as we have all the original information written down in the development of the tool.  We also would research similar tools and functional requirements. This is so that we can see if there are any tools that are similar to our so that we have an idea of what we can do to make our software better than the one already available therefore making ours a better option for the intended audience to use. We also would research the function requirements as we would need to find what is needed to make the tool more useful for the students to use.

Week 5
In week 5, we plan to have completed writing up software characteristics. This is so that we know what the tool can and cannot do, it will allow us to create a tool more specified to the intended audience therefore creating a tool that can maximise its ability to help people understand what it can do.

Week 6
In week 6, we would have started on researching the operation environment of our tool. This is required to be completed as the tool will need to be run on a specific environment to get it to work. Since our one is created in unreal, we will need a device that will be able to run the unreal on its system to be able to be used. The environment will also allow the tool be used as it is designed to be.

Week 7
During week 7 of the project, we will gather information on our intended audience. This is so that we can understand the needs of the audience to create a tool that will be more suited for them to use. Researching about the audience will also allow us to get some idea of what will be needed to create a better tool for the users.

Week 8 & 9
In week eight and nine of the project, the previous design that was used will be touched up to make the UI neater and more user friendly. The use of more contrasting colours will be considered to help those who are colour blind to also use this tool, the sizing of the fonts will also be reviewed to check if those will eyesight problems can use the tool with ease.

Week10
In week 10, a member of the team will again gather all the information that has been used to create another report about what has happened in the past 6 weeks.

Week 11
In week 11, the final designs for the UI will be drawn up and finalised.

Week 12 until week 14
In these weeks, the UI design will be implemented into the tool

week 15 & 16
In week 15 and 16, our software developer will touch up and finalise the tool so that it is fully functional and ready to use.






Roles:

When developing a software such as our own that will be made to assist schools and universities in their methods of teaching students a variety of subjects such as sciences, maths, I.T. It is important to have at least a few key roles within the team to keep the development team on track and on schedule. 

Project Manager
The project manager oversees overseeing the due dates and the amount of work completed by each individual member of the team. The program manager sets deadlines for tasks that is required for the completion of the project and make sure to set things straight should there by unforeseen circumstances, delays and misfortunes. 

Lead Developer
The lead developer is in charge of the developing the software that the program will run off of. They will assist and lead other programmers within the team to developing the program under the constraints that has been set upon them. 





Scope and limits:

The scope of our project revolves around research, designing and prototyping ideas. Our project is not planned to be a finished prototype, however, there will be milestones within the project that would eventually assist in the final solution. We will do research on the type of simulations our prototype will showcase, mainly videos of simulations, and create some designs for the prototype, such as a loading screen and menus. We plan to create at least one simulation for the prototype. The prototype is planned for the PC/MAC platforms. All developments for mobile and other platforms are outside the scope of the project.





Tools and Tech:

Since our project idea is to use Unreal Engine 4 to provide a visual and interactive way to learn basic Math/Science/IT concepts, we will obviously need to used Unreal Engine 4.  Although the UE4 software is free to download, we would need a powerful computer to smoothly run UE4; a top end CPU and GPU, coupled with around 16GB of RAM and a SSD would allow for smooth development. Steven has experience using Unreal Engine 4 so he will be able to build the assignment. We will also use adobe editing software such as Illustrator and Photoshop to draw up a basic design for the menu system that will be built into our project. Micheal having some experience using adobe programs can draw up a design, which Steven can then put into Unreal Engine 4. 










Testing:

We will rollout our prototype for people to use and test the tool. This test is to give an idea of what students prefer to use between our prototype, physical equipment and other tools found on the internet. A survey will be sent out to participants who use our prototype. We will know if we have succeeded if the majority of the people who have used the prototype prefer to use it rather than physical equipment and other online resources. Test users will be found based on whether they have used physical equipment or online resources to aid their learning in science/maths/I.T - mainly students and teachers.






Timeframe:











Risks:
There will always be risks in our project, whether it be accidental risks or event-based risks, will always interfered with our work. However, if we as a group are able to identify the risk that could impact the project, we can reduce the chances of the risk.

For accidental risk, some risk that we can face is time constraints to finish the project or reach a certain milestone, the lack of information for project details, coding difficult to understand/learn for the project, project being corrupted or have missing files can all factor into risks that can affect the project. To reduce the chances of risk appearing, we need to make sure that all our works are done before the a set date, we should also add internal documentation in our coding to make sure that other programmers in the group can understand the coding and finally to make sure we save all of our work in one folder and make several copies to make sure the work does not get corrupted.

For event-based risks, theses are based off physical risks that are outside the control of user.  These could be on small scale such as the failure of a hard drive, a power failure or software freezing causes a file to become corrupt. To reduce theses risk, we need to make sure to save our work in different location, whether it be online in a cloud, a different hard drive or a portable USB. We can also add a separate uninterruptible power supply to make sure that if a power outage did happen, our work doesn’t get interrupted and crash on us.


Group processes and communication:

Our group has been communicating with each other through the use of Facebook messenger as well as meeting up on Friday at each tutorial. Usually we only use messenger when we’re not together,(e.g at home or if we need help or stuck on a task in the assignment or if we need confirmation on what we are meant to do for certain parts.) 

When we meet up on Friday for our weekly tutorials, we would usually discuss what we are working on this week and present our work to our group members to see what good and what needs fixing is. Usually this method is good, as it allows all group members to communicate and contribute to the team while also allowing each member to voice their own opinion on a chosen topic. 
However, because of our different timetable, situation or commitments, group members cannot always meet up after tutorials or before it, that is why we use messenger to communicate. Although it takes a while to communicate, the group member will always end up responding to our questions/feedback. 
When a group member usually doesn’t respond to our messages or show up to our tutorials, we would have other means of contacting them, either through private messages or emails. Usually, this problem does not happen in our group as all of us will be able to respond at decent time.
