Steven's Group reflection:
Once again, the communication between the group members have been consistent and regular. Keeping the same routine as the previous assignment, in relation to communication and decision making, made the whole process of completing all tasks much simpler.
Something can could be improved upon is regular commits into github. This is so that everyone knows where everyone is, in terms of tasks completed. Again, everyone was doing their part, however, regular contributions into github would be beneficial to everyone.
One surprising thing in this assignment, coming from Assignment 2, is that we improved on some of the suggested improvements that were listed in Assignment 2, such as group members finishing their part of the report much earlier than the due date rather than within the last few days.
Some key lessons about groups include the communication between the entire group and also between individuals since everyone had a specific job with the project idea and the report. Everyone had to keep up with one another and find out what is happening and what has been done so that the progress can move forwards.

Micheal's Group reflection:
For this assignment we came into with a goal to be more organized with our time management, and I believe that we accomplished that goal as we had most of the work done by the Friday and just needed to write up the report. This gave us more time to work on other assignments while also giving us time to also make a prototype of our actual project for this unit. One thing to note is that we lost one person halfway through the assignment, but we quickly adjusted our work load so that we wouldn’t fall behind on the work.
One thing that we could of improved on was communication, this time around I don’t think we communicated as much as last assignment, so sometimes I was a bit lost on how much progress everyone else had done on the assignment; possibly because everyone was just working on their own thing and knew what they had to do. But ultimately I don’t think it was a big issue, but rather just a minor thing that I noticed that we did different.
Surprisingly this assignment, everyone understood the assignment well and we didn’t have to discuss much issues though out the assignment. I believe that the reason behind this was that our group learned a lot from our own group reflections from last assignment and we were able to apply those learnings to our group work for this assignment. I also believe that the discussions in class and consultation sessions helped us get a better understanding of the assignment.

Duane's Group Reflection:
Just like Assignment 2, majority of things went well in terms of work ethics and amount of work done. Everyone submitted work at a reasonable time and those who couldn't had fair justifications that are not within their control. Although we lost a member of the group, we were able to complete the work initially assigned to them quickly enough that it not detriment our workflow. Something that can potentially be improved would be when work is completed as most work finished was at the start and end of the project. One thing that was surprising was that one member of our group left however there was enough time to recover from this loss. One main thing learnt from this group project is similar to what was learnt in Assignment 2, about trusting other people to complete work and to assist you when you need it. Everyone in the group were willing to complete and submit work whenever they had either forgotten or not completed it yet.

Jacky's Group relfection:
Throughout this assignment, our group worked on it consistency, with everyone doing their assigned part. At the beginning, everyone volunteered to certain work and went straight to work, which meant there was no argument on whos doing what. Most of our work we could get information from assignment 2 which we utilized in starting off our work for assignment 3, which meant that we had some of our work done. This allowed us to do work much faster in which some of us completed their task in the first few days. The only problem we had was throughout halfway through our assignment, one of our group member left, however, we quickly modify our roles and continue with out work. Maybe one thing we could improve on was is our understanding of our work, some group members got confused on what they were meant to do for their part, but this was quickly resolved when the group was about to discuss about it. 
What surprise me was that everyone was able to finish their work very quick with days to spare, this is probably because we were organized with our work and try to complete work before our next meeting. 
Something we learnted was how to become organized, making sure that we did our work before a set 'due date'. This made sure that everyone on the group was able to do work and show the group what progress they made.
