..

Aaron Career Plan
My career plan for the next few years it to try and get into a software engineering, network engineering or cyber security. I will attempt to get into this line of work by choosing subjects that will allow me to learn the basics of the type of work that will be done in the work place. I have chosen these parts of the IT industry because I am passionate about this area of the industry. I also believe that this area of the industry will also be essential in the future so being is the area would be great as it would allow me to be more involved in the workplace. 



Steven Career Plan:
My career plan is to start working anywhere in I.T involving programming or data analytics where I am able to get experience with the I.T environment whilst obtain as much knowledge as I can. I will most likely pursue programming or game development jobs once I am comfortable with my skills and when I am confident that I will be successful. My end goal is to become a game developer or something similar.



Duane Tanjutco - s3785672
https://vr-duane.github.io/MyProfile/ 

Hi! My name is Duane Tanjutco. I'm of Filipino (Philippines) nationality. Both my parents and myself were born there. I was born on the 22nd of November, 2000. I moved to Australia in late 2005 and lived here ever since. I initially commenced high school at St Peters College Cranbourne (West Campus) before moving to Salesian College Chadstone to complete VCE. In my free time, I like to play Tennis, I used to play competitively but stopped for now. Additionally, I have a passion for playing video games. I have an interest in IT in general and how it affects our world in the past, present and the future. Most of my IT experiences is derived from what I learnt in high school and I hope to improve these skills further at RMIT University.

Career Plan:
Currently, my career plan is to try find any job relating to I.T and/or Design as these are the two things I am most passionate about. Any job that gives me the ability to improve my skills in a proper work environment will be the best option I believe. For design based jobs, ideally, I'd like to find a job as a Graphics Designer or UI Designer for apps and websites. These can also relate to my passsion for learning different types of Information Technologies. My goal overall is to be a digital artist who can create art and potentially sell online. Different jobs in design and technologies will assist me in achieving this goal. 



Jacky's Career Plan:
What I want to do in for my career plan is to search for a job has anything to do with information technology/programming. I hope to find a job that requires to work in a team where i can learn new information/skills will also giving my insights to others. Mostly likely, I would like to work for google as a cloud engineer, in which I'll basically help customers learn how to use google products while also solving any techincal issue they have. I will also be working in a team, from web developers to system administrators to help Google's business and products grow. Some common traits with my ideal jobs along with my group members ideal job is that all jobs require some form of teamwork and communication which makes this job more appealing to me.



Micheal's Career Plan:
My career plan is to first finish my Bachelor of Information Technology, which will give me the skills to apply in various fields, from there I would like to start off at a small company doing either software programming, database analyst or network security. After gaining some experience in a smaller company, I can choose to move up the ranks there or move on to a bigger company. I also have a friend that works at NBN, who I could ask as reference to possibly get a job there as a junior Network engineer.



Group process
For assignment two; in general, we all agree that we worked well in assignment two. Communication was good within the group, with people constantly communicating on Facebook messenger. There was also always at least 1 or 2 group members available at any given time to help out fellow group members.
In moving forward, our group will take addition steps to make sure that the assignment is finished on time. Process’s that we will implement for this assignment include: better time management and distributing work load evenly. We will implement a better time management process by adding deadlines for each part of the assignment, as well as also submitting all the work we have done each week, so other members are aware of where people are at in the assignment. We will also plan out our work load before we start the assignment before we start, so that everyone is working evenly on the assignment and not 1 person taking all the work load. 
